No, no, brother
You see
For the sake of giving birth to a child for you
Please forgive me.
Forgive me.
You still have the face to mention Doudou
Doudou doesn't recognize you at all now
It means that you are not good to him at all
I am Doudou's biological mother
How could I treat him badly?
It's because I'm usually too strict with him.
It destroyed the mother-son relationship between us
I listen to my brother
Doudou is my own flesh and blood
I can't afford to lose him.
As a mother
You failed.
Ginger cabbage is a better mother for Doudou than you are
Doudou was raised by me through hard work
You can't do that.
You brought it all on yourself
There is no room for negotiation on this matter.
I miss you and Doudou mother and son
Before Mrs. Jiang took care of the house
I can leave you alone.
Just listen to my brother
Either you agree
Or you can leave now
Yeah, I agree.
The wine and dishes are all because of you
I can't live without you
Daddy Doudou, where are you?
I am at home
It's okay, I'll just ask and hang up.
Well, you are not the richest man in Haicheng
You forgot
Why am I Jiang Xuewu, the one who moved bricks?
he
So that you don't even recognize your boyfriend?
It is precisely because I look like Gu Zhenting
That's why I started impersonating him
dressing style
Walking posture
Even the tone of voice
I've learned to make it difficult for others to distinguish between true and false
But he also mistook his own child
I look like Gu Zhenting
Doudou looks like the young master of Story Group
Not surprising.
Well, I always feel weird about Gu Zhengting
Are you really Doudou Daddy?
I must find out